Add references for Rational optimiser in the manual. (#1556)
dftbplus/dftbplus: doc/dftb+/manual/dftbp.tex

\label{sec:dftbp.Optimiser.RF}

Provides a rational function based optimiser.

> The geometry displacement step is determining obtaining the lowest eigenvalue of the augmented Hessian matrix as proposed by Puley {\itshape et al.}~\cite{Eckert1997}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The geometry displacement step is determined from the lowest eigenvalue of the augmented Hessian matrix as proposed by Pulay {\itshape et al.}~\cite{Eckert1997}.
```

The eigenvalue equation is solved iteratively using a Davidson solver updating the displacement vector from the last optimisation cycle.

> The augmented Hessian is build from a guess model hessian, which is updated every cycle from the gradient change and displacement vectors using a BFGS-like scheme.~\cite{Broyden1970}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The augmented Hessian is built from a guess model hessian, which is updated every cycle from the gradient change and displacement vectors using a BFGS-like scheme~\cite{Broyden1970}.
```
